Item system:

Adding new items:
To add a new item the game, simply add in the new data to the itemtable.csv file.

Table description:

itemName:
The name of the item as viewed in the game

acquisition:
How the player can get the item in game.
this can be as a drop (drop), from crafting (craftable), or from a shop (buy)

fallsFrom:
If the item is a drop, this identifies what enemies will drop the item.
If multiple enemies can drop the item, these should be seperated with a "+" e.g enemy1+enemy2

chance:
If the item is a drop, this is the drop rate for the item 
e.g 100 would be 1 in 100 chance
e.g2 1 would be 1 in 1 or 100% chance

priority:
If the item is a drop and the enemy can drop multiple items, 
the prioroity dictates if the item should drop before other items.
This is associated with the next entry "preventedBy".

preventedBy:
If the item is a drop, this entry should be filled with any items that will stop the item dropping.
The purpose for this is to prevent multiple rare items dropping together.
If 2 items drop from the same enemy and are prevented by each other, 
an item with lower prority value will drop over the other item.

craftable:
Indicates if the item can be crafted
y = craftable, n = not craftable

craftItems:
If the item is craftable, this entry should be filled with the items needed to craft the item.
If multiple items are required to craft the item, these should be seperated with a "+" 
e.g item1+item2
A multiplier can also be added to items if multiple are required to craft the item with a "*" after the item 
e.g item1*5+item2
e.g2 item1,item2*3

itemType:
This is used to signify what the item does.
The types are: currency,item,armour,accessory

sellValue:
This value is what currency the player recieves for selling the item

value:
This entry is used for any data relevent to the item such as to give defence or attack power.
The data is seperated by "+" for multiple effects, 
but the way this entry is used changes for every type of item so anything needed can be put here.
For accessories and armour the stat value is seperated by an "_" and 
the enemies it applies to put in brackets

itemDescription:
The description of the item which as it is shown in game in the inventory and crafting menu.
Due to entries in the table being seperated by "," it is not possible to use this in the description
to avoid this issue use "$" instead as the code will detect this and replace it with ",".
 

